# [PRODUCT] Biotin Shampoo and Biotin Conditioner Bundle

[PRODUCT] Biotin Shampoo and Biotin Conditioner Bundle
# Biotin Shampoo and Biotin Conditioner Bundle – Dr. Berg Does your hair tangle quickly, feel dry and difficult to manage, or show signs of heat and color damage? The Dr. Berg Biotin Shampoo and Biotin Conditioner Bundle offers deep cleansing, conditioning, and nourishment for all hair types—so your hair looks gorgeous after every wash. We designed Dr. Berg Biotin Shampoo with natural health and beauty in mind. Our powerful Biotin Shampoo is a high-performing cleanser that removes excess oil and hair products while locking in moisture, helping your hair feel lighter, softer, and revitalized after every use. Heat and color damage can lead to tangled, brittle, and dry hair that’s difficult to manage. Dr. Berg Biotin Shampoo is packed with nourishing argan oil that penetrates deep into hair strands. Dr. Berg Biotin Conditioner contains a powerful blend of biotin and invigorating botanicals that leave hair deeply conditioned, moisturized, and easy to style. It’s formulated with premium biotin to provide visibly soft and healthy strands—without a heavy or waxy feeling. Dr. Berg Biotin Shampoo and Biotin Conditioner have a refreshing and clean scent from invigorating essential oils, including peppermint, tea tree, eucalyptus, and rosemary oil. Transform dull, lifeless hair into vibrant, luscious locks, and feel confident knowing you're using safe, effective, and cruelty-free hair care products certified for sensitive skin. Dr. Berg Biotin Shampoo and Biotin Conditioner are sulfate-free, silicone-free, paraben-free, and gentle on you and the environment. We reformulated Dr. Berg Biotin Shampoo and Biotin Conditioner with new and healthy ingredients, so you don’t have to worry about damaging your locks. Each wash will help your hair look silkier, smoother, and more nourished than ever. Our new and improved Biotin Shampoo formula offers powerful ingredients: * Biotin * Aloe vera * Panthenol * Saw palmetto * Argan oil * Castor seed oil * Keratin * Nettle extract Our enhanced
Learn more: https://shop.drberg.com/products/biotin-shampoo-and-biotin-conditioner-bundle-sulfate-free-8-fl-oz-each
