# [SHOP_MISC] # Privacy Policy – Dr. Berg Last Updated: 16 September 2024 ## Your privacy is important

[SHOP_MISC] # Privacy Policy – Dr. Berg Last Updated: 16 September 2024 ## Your privacy is important to us This privacy policy sets out how Dr. Berg Nutritionals uses and protects any information that you give Dr. Berg Nutritionals when you use this website. Dr. Berg Nutritionals is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Dr. Berg Nutritionals may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. ## What we collect We may collect the following information: * Contact information including name, mailing address, email address, and mobile telephone number. * Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests. * Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers. For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section. ## What we do with the information we gather We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons: * Internal record keeping. * We may use the information to improve our products and services. * We may periodically send promotional emails and, if you have enrolled in our text messaging promotion, text messages (SMS/MMS) about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. * From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may also use the information to customise the website according to your interests. ## How we share and disclose information Dr. Berg only shares personal information with affiliated companies, as well as business partners and service providers whom we rely on to help us provide better service to you. These companies need information about you to perform their service functions (such as to process and fulfill your order, verify your credit card information, and to protect you from fraud). We also share information with trusted companies that help us with marketing functions (such as to manage our Internet business and to market our products and services, including by administering our text messaging program). We may engage vendors to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet and to provide analytics services. These vendors may collect certain technical or other information from you (e.g. clickstream information, browser type, time and date, hardware/software information, cookie ID, IP address, etc.) when you visit our Website, and may use that information to provide advertisements about goods and services that are deemed to be of greater interest to you. We may also share your information for any other purpose as disclosed at the time of collection, or when we have otherwise obtained consent. Please note that this policy is not intended to limit our ability to share or disclose aggregated, pseudonymized, or anonymized data. Dr. Berg also reserves the right to use or disclose information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to fulfill your requests, to cooperate in any law enforcement or similar investigation, or to conduct any internal investigation or similar function we deem appropriate to protect our business. ## Security We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. ## How we use cookies A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. ## Links to other websites Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question. ## Controlling your personal information You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways: * Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes. * If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at [orders@drberg.com](mailto: orders@drberg.com). We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen. You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect. ## List of cookies we collect The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store. | COOKIE names | COOKIE Description | | --- | --- | | CART | The association with your shopping cart. | | CATEGORY\_INFO | Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly. | | COMPARE | The items that you have in the Compare Products list. | | CURRENCY | Your preferred currency | | CUSTOMER | An encrypted version of your customer id with the store. | | CUSTOMER\_AUTH | An indicator if you are currently logged into the store. | | CUSTOMER\_INFO | An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to. | | CUSTOMER\_SEGMENT\_IDS | Stores the Customer Segment ID | | EXTERNAL\_NO\_CACHE | A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not. | | FRONTEND | You session ID on the server. | | GUEST-VIEW | Allows guests to edit their orders. | | LAST\_CATEGORY | The last category you visited. | | LAST\_PRODUCT | The most recent product you have viewed. | | NEWMESSAGE | Indicates whether a new message has been received. | | NO\_CACHE | Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache. | | PERSISTENT\_SHOPPING\_CART | Link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site. | | POLL | The ID of any polls you have recently voted in. | | POLLN | Information on what polls you have voted on. | | RECENTLYCOMPARED | The items that you have recently compared. | | STF | Information on products you have emailed to friends. | | STORE | The store view or language you have selected. | | USER\_ALLOWED\_SAVE\_COOKIE | Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies. | | VIEWED\_PRODUCT\_IDS | The products that you have recently viewed. | | WISHLIST | An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist. | | WISHLIST\_CNT | The number of items in your Wishlist. | ## Third party Rakuten Advertising may collect personal information when you interact with our digital property, including IP addresses, digital identifiers, information about your web browsing and app usage and how you interact with our properties and ads for a variety of purposes, such as personalization of offers or advertisements, analytics about how you engage with websites or ads and other commercial purposes. For more information about the collection, use and sharing of your personal data and your rights, please use the below links. Rakuten Advertising Privacy Policy : [https://rakutenadvertising.com/legal-notices/services-privacy-policy/](https://rakutenadvertising.com/legal-notices/services-privacy-policy/) Your Rights : [https://rakutenadvertising.com/legal-notices/subject-requests/](https://rakutenadvertising.com/legal-notices/subject-requests/) ## Text messaging program privacy policy This Text Messaging Program Privacy Policy explains how The Health & Wellness Center, Inc. dba Dr. Berg Nutritionals (“Dr. Berg”) collects and uses information about you in relation to its text message marketing program (the “Messaging Service”). We use Attentive to provide the Messaging Service to you. For the purposes of the Messaging Service, Attentive acts as our service provider and data processor of your information. This Text Messaging Program Privacy Policy is intended to supplement our Privacy Policy with information specific to the Messaging Service, but does not replace our Privacy Policy. ## Collection of information We collect various information on our behalf from and about you, including information you directly provide when you use the Messaging Service. For example, we collect the phone number and email address you provided when signing up for the Messaging Service. When you send messages via the Messaging Service, we will also collect your messaging history and any information included in those messages. We may also collect information about you using cookies or similar technologies. Cookies are pieces of information that are stored by your browser on the hard drive or memory of your device. Cookies enable personalization of your experience on the Messaging Service (e.g., sending you personalized text messages such as shopping cart reminders). If you participate in a contest, sweepstakes, research study, or email survey associated with the Messaging Service, we will collect basic contact information and any other information you choose to provide in connection with these activities. We will also collect your contact information if you contact us with questions about the Messaging Service or for customer service. ## Use of information We use your information to deliver, analyze, maintain and support the Messaging Service. We may also use your information to enhance the Messaging Service features and customize and personalize your experiences on the Messaging Service. ## Sharing of information We may share, transfer, or disclose your information, if you consent to us doing so, as well as in the following circumstances: * _Service Providers._ We may share your information with third parties to help us provide the Messaging Service to you. * _Legal Requirement and Protection of Attentive and Others._ We may disclose your information as we believe such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to: (i) comply with applicable law and legal processes; (ii) respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (iii) enforce a contract with us; (iv) protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (v) allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain. From time to time, we may share aggregate or de-identified information about use of the Messaging Service and such aggregated or de-identified information may be shared with any third party, including advertisers, promotional partners, and sponsors. ## Protection of information We take a variety of physical, technical, administrative, and organizational security measures based on the sensitivity of the information we collect to protect your information against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access. Unfortunately, no online activity can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information against unauthorized use or disclosure, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide. We do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure. ## Retention of information We retain your information for as long as you participate in the Messaging Service or as needed to comply with applicable legal obligations. We will also retain and use your information as necessary to resolve disputes, protect us and our customers, and enforce our agreements. ## Choices and controls Consent to receive automated marketing text messages is not a condition of any purchase. You can opt-out of receiving further commercial text messages via the Messaging Service by responding to any of our text messages with any of the following replies: STOP, END, CANCEL, UNSUBSCRIBE, or QUIT . For additional opt-out information, please review our Terms. ## Customer care If you are experiencing any problems with the Messaging Service, please visit [https://support.attentivemobile.com/help/](https://support.attentivemobile.com/help/) and submit the form with details about your problem or your request for support, or email [support@attentivemobile.com](mailto: support@attentivemobile.com). ## Main privacy policy By signing up to receive text messages from us, you also agree to our main Privacy Policy. ## Global-e We’ve partnered with Global-e to offer a seamless shopping experience for our international customers. [View Global-e's Privacy Policy](https://www.global-e.com/consumer-privacy-policy).
Learn more: https://shop.drberg.com/pages/privacy-policy
