# [SHOP_MISC] # Rewards – Dr. Berg ## Frequently asked questions * ### When do we start earning Reward

[SHOP_MISC] # Rewards – Dr. Berg ## Frequently asked questions * ### When do we start earning Rewards points on our orders? Our Dr. Berg Rewards program launched on 1/8/25 at 1pm EST. All orders placed after the launch will count towards Rewards points. Unfortunately, we are not able to make orders retroactive for credits prior to the Rewards sign-up date. * ### How are points calculated for orders? 1 point for each $1 spent. Based off order subtotal less any discounts and before shipping and tax. * ### What is the maximum amount of points that can be redeem on an order? 500 points ($25 off) is the maximum amount that can be redeemed on an order. * ### Can you redeem Reward points and take advantage of any promotional codes? Yes, credits can be used on an order and the option is also available to add in any promotional codes at checkout. * ### Can Reward credits be used when checking out on TikTok or with Buy with Prime? No, the purchase is only available through regular checkout on our Dr. Berg website. * ### If I have 2 different email addresses with points on them, can we add the Rewards on both emails together? No, you can earn only off one email address and are not able to combine points. * ### Refer a Friend: When will I receive the coupon code for referring someone? You should receive an email with the notification of a coupon code for $10 off after your friend completes their initial purchase of $70 or more. * ### When will I receive my birthday reward if my birthday is within the next 30 days? Customer will receive birthday points on their actual birthday. * ### When will I receive my birthday reward, if my birthday is within the next 30 days? The reward will be delayed until 30 days after the date of the entry.
Learn more: https://shop.drberg.com/pages/rewards
