# [SHOP_MISC] # Ingredients We Avoid | Dr. Berg ## Ingredients matter The quality and effectiveness of

[SHOP_MISC] # Ingredients We Avoid | Dr. Berg ## Ingredients matter The quality and effectiveness of a product depends not only on its beneficial ingredients but also on what’s intentionally left out. There are more than 10,000 ingredients that can be added to supplements and personal care products to enhance their appearance, prolong their shelf life, and improve their texture. Some of these additives are associated with serious health concerns, including allergic reactions, reproductive issues, toxicity, and even premature death. ## Importance of knowing what’s in your products Understanding the ingredients that are and aren’t in your supplements is a critical step in protecting your health. We believe this simple approach ensures that you are choosing products that are both effective and free from potentially harmful substances. When you’re aware of the ingredients, you’re not just making a purchase but a smart, health-conscious decision. * ### Sourcing It’s our mission to ensure that each Dr. Berg product meets and exceeds the highest standards of safety and effectiveness. Our rigorous quality control process begins with sourcing the highest-quality raw materials. That’s why we only partner with reputable suppliers who share our commitment to purity. * ### Ingredients Each ingredient is thoroughly vetted to ensure it meets our stringent criteria before it ever makes its way into our products. This attention to detail is a crucial step in our process to deliver supplements and personal care items that support your health and well-being without compromise. * ### Products Our commitment to quality goes beyond selecting high-grade ingredients. We go to great lengths to avoid synthetic preservatives, artificial additives, and synthetic vitamins in our formulations. The integrity of our products hinges on their effectiveness and purity, which is why we meticulously choose natural alternatives whenever possible. ## The Dirty 30: Toxic Health and Wellness Ingredients to Avoid View the free PDF and stay informed about healthier choices! ## The Dirty 30 ingredients we avoid We are committed to your health and safety, which is why we carefully exclude certain ingredients from our formulations. Here are 30 ingredients we avoid to ensure our products remain pure, effective, and free from potential harm. * High-fructose corn syrup (HFCS) * Maltodextrin * Genetically modified organisms (GMOs) * Sugar * Dextrose * Cornstarch * Titanium dioxide * Artificial sweeteners * Ultra-processed seed oils * Farmed fish oil * Soybean oil * Gluten * Synthetic vitamins * Synthetic food coloring * Synthetic preservatives * Artificial flavoring * Sulfates * Parabens * Silicones * Phthalates * Petroleum * Dyes * Magnesium silicate * Shellac/pharmaceutical glaze * Carrageenan * Potassium sorbate * Ascorbyl palmitate * Lead * Calcium carbonate * Magnesium oxide To learn more about the harmful effects of these chemicals and the products they may be hiding in, [check out the Dirty 30 toxic ingredients](https://www.drberg.com/resources/ingredients-we-avoid). Download our quick-reference guide, designed for on-the-go access to this list and easy sharing.
Learn more: https://shop.drberg.com/pages/ingredients-we-avoid
