# Does zinc carnosine help with ulcers?

It's important to understand what causes ulcers and gastritis. For the longest time, it was believed that ulcers were a result of too much stomach acid. However, recent scientific evidence found that Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori) infection is the leading cause of peptic ulcer formation. While most people are exposed to these microbes, not everyone gets ulcers, as healthy stomach acid levels help destroy H. pylori and prevent infection and associated stomach issues. Taking antacids or histamine blockers to manage gastritis can increase the risk of infection as these drugs lower the stomach’s acidity, creating a perfect environment for H. Pylori to thrive.

In contrast, zinc carnosine is a highly effective remedy that coats the stomach, increases stomach acid production, and stimulates the production of mucous lining the stomach wall. Zinc is also a potent antibacterial agent, directly inhibiting the growth of H. pylori, which helps prevent and manage ulcers and gastritis. Carnosine, on the other hand, is broken down and converted into superoxide dismutase (SOD), a powerful antioxidant that lowers inflammation. This explains why zinc carnosine is one of the best supplements to promote intestinal health.

Consider taking 75 milligrams of zinc carnosine twice daily. Although zinc carnosine is highly effective, it doesn’t work immediately and should be taken for one to three months to see results. To find relief from stomach pain, natural remedies such as baking soda or liquid chlorophyll help soothe stomach irritation.