# How to Safely Extending a Fasting Window - Intermittent Fasting - Prolonged Fasting

To safely extend intermittent fasting into prolonged fasting, follow a gradual and well-planned approach to allow your body to adapt to more extended periods without food. Here are some guidelines for prolonging a fasting window: 

1. Extend your intermittent fast from a 20:4 fasting and feeding window to a 22:2 or an OMAD intermittent fast. Pay attention to how your body responds. If you experience fatigue, a lowering of mood, or anxiety, these could be signs that you’re advancing too quickly.  Once you have safely completed OMAD, return to a 20:4 or 22:2 fasting pattern for a day or two before you attempt your following OMAD intermittent fasting pattern.  Once you have established a regular pattern of OMAD fasting, it is a good idea to have a weekly feeding day, with an extended feeding window with three meals, to ensure you build up your nutrient reserves for the following OMAD schedule. 

2. Before attempting a 36- or 48-hour fast, it's crucial to establish a consistent OMAD eating pattern and a solid nutritional foundation. Always consult your doctor, especially if you have any health concerns. During extended fasts, follow the safety guidelines listed above. 

3. A 72-hour fast or longer must be performed with a healthcare provider, as the longer the fast, the longer the recovery period between prolonged fasts.  As a general guideline, for every *day* of a prolonged fast, you should recover and rebuild your nutrient reserves for at least the same number of *weeks* before your next prolonged fast.  For example, a 3-day fast (72 hours) should be followed by three weeks of recovery before attempting another 3-day fast.  This general guideline should be followed only after consulting your healthcare provider before your next prolonged fast. 

This information is provided from [Dr. Berg's Guidelines for Prolonged Fasting.docx](https://realdrberg-my.sharepoint.com/:w:/g/personal/shawnh_drberg_com/EazcZ9dNJ6VDhEOO13hV0F8BnVvc-Ge6y2mYjpN-FnojYg?e=RHdisz&clickparams=eyJBcHBOYW1lIjoiVGVhbXMtRGVza3RvcCIsIkFwcFZlcnNpb24iOiI1MC8yNDAzMzEwMTgxNyIsIkhhc0ZlZGVyYXRlZFVzZXIiOmZhbHNlfQ%3D%3D).

Dr. Berg Nutritionals staff, including Dr. Berg Advisors, do *not* encourage prolonged fasting. We are not healthcare professionals equipped with the tests and facilities to perform the necessary monitoring during a prolonged fast, nor do we have an individual's medical health records. Dr. Berg Advisors provides this document based on Dr. Berg's education for informational purposes only to those already on a prolonged fast or independently choosing to do one.

**Always consult with your healthcare provider before starting a prolonged fast.  If you're considering prolonged fasting, discussing the benefits and risks with your healthcare provider is essential.**