# How can I unclog my colon?

Digestion starts in the mouth, where food is broken down and then transferred to the stomach. The highly acidic stomach acid aids in protein digestion. The valve at the top of the stomach plays a vital role in keeping food in the stomach and preventing it from backing up into the esophagus. Many people think antacids are the solution to acid reflux or heartburn. Diluting stomach acid worsens this problem by inhibiting this valve from closing tightly.

If you have acid reflux, you want to increase the acidity of your stomach. Diluted apple cider vinegar and betaine hydrochloride are effective remedies for this problem. Ninety percent of all digestion occurs in the small intestine. This is also the location of a leaky gut. Grains, gluten, junk food, refined sugar, and seed oils can cause a leaky gut. The liver makes bile, which is stored and concentrated in the gallbladder. Bile helps break down fats, extract nutrients from fats, and kill pathogens. Bile deficiency symptoms include bloating, burping, vision problems, and gallstones. Bile salts such as TUDCA can help digestion by breaking down cholesterol.

Microbes break down food in the large intestine through fermentation. These microbes comprise 80% of your immune system and help make neurotransmitters like serotonin and dopamine. After your food travels through this intricate assembly line, it becomes stool. Your stool is mostly water and gets its pigment from your red blood cells. The smell is caused by gas from bacteria. Constipation and diarrhea are usually related to missing microbes. Antibiotics and chemicals like glyphosate can deplete microbes. Fermented foods and the L. reuteri microbe are great ways to increase microbes and improve digestion naturally. Intermittent fasting can also significantly improve digestion.