# What are some unexpected benefits of Apple Cider Vinegar?

Both good bacteria and bad bacteria can go into a dormant state. Microbes in a dormant state are protected from many environmental stresses and chemicals, especially antibiotics. Dormant microbes can survive for decades or even thousands of years! A change in environment, like a change in pH, can wake good bacteria or cause them to go dormant. Most good bacteria thrive in an acidic environment. Apple cider vinegar acidifies the environment for good microbes. Things like kombucha, pickle juice, sauerkraut, and kimchi have similar effects.

Certain microbes create butyrate, which helps with insulin resistance. These microbes thrive in an acidic environment. We have a synergistic relationship with the microbes in our gut. We provide a home, and they provide immune protection, help with digestion, vitamin production, and more. By making their environment more acidic, you help activate them.

H. pylori releases ammonia, which alkalizes the stomach acid. This allows it to do its damage, causing ulcers in the stomach and small intestine. C. diff, E. coli, and salmonella go into a state of dormancy when the pH drops below 6. When your immune system is suppressed, bad bacteria can come out of dormancy. Antibiotics, stress, Prednisone, and vitamin D deficiency can all suppress the immune system and activate pathogenic microbes. Adequate vitamin D in amounts of at least 10,000 IU daily may help keep pathogenic microbes in remission. Try drinking 1 tablespoon of apple cider vinegar in a glass of water every evening with a straw to support your beneficial microbes. Fairchild’s Apple Cider Vinegar is an excellent option.