# How to tighten and flatten stomach just in a few days?

A caloric deficit is not a sustainable way to lose weight or get a flat stomach! Most people find that their metabolism slows down in their 20s and 30s after a series of calorie-restrictive diets. Lowering calories increases hunger and cravings, which will require immense willpower and can stifle weight loss. The caloric deficit model is not sustainable!

Insulin is the hormone that controls whether you burn or store fat. If you reduce insulin, you can tap into your body fat for energy. Carbohydrates have the most significant effect on insulin, while fat is neutral and protein has a moderate impact. All calories are not the same! To lose weight, you must lower insulin, which means you must reduce your carb intake. If you’re on a low-carb diet, your body can use both food and body fat for fuel. This eliminates hunger and cravings between meals. Fat provides more than double the energy of glucose.

It takes 2 to 3 days to get into ketosis and 2 to 3 weeks for fat adaptation. Fat adaptation means your body is burning the most fat possible. Your body can burn ketones and fat, which are two different fuel sources. To get your body into ketosis, carbohydrates should make up about 5% of your diet, protein 20%, and fat 75%. Visceral fat in the abdomen may prevent a flat belly, but you can eliminate it with this diet. The dead bug exercise stimulates the fascia and muscles that can act as a girdle, giving you a flat belly fast! Do this exercise every day, and within 1 to 2 weeks, you will start to see amazing results!