# What is the root cause of peripheral neuropathy?

Diabetic neuropathy usually affects the bottom of the feet and sometimes the hands and is one of the first signs of a blood sugar problem. Chemotherapy, hypothyroidism, autoimmune diseases, medications, viruses, and Lyme disease can also lead to peripheral neuropathy. However, high blood sugar and diabetes are the most common causes. Diabetes wears down the myelin sheath over time, leaving exposed nerves at the bottom of the feet. Peripheral neuropathy can feel like hypersensitivity, burning, severe pain, or itching. If it’s not corrected, it can lead to ulcers in the lower part of the body and gangrene.

Consuming too much sugar makes it difficult for the mitochondria to get enough fuel. Too much sugar also leads to nutrient deficiencies and inhibits the function of enzymes that bring fuel to the cell. When sugar blocks the body’s mechanism for getting energy to the cells, it utilizes alternative pathways for energy. One of these alternative pathways produces sorbitol, a sugar alcohol. Sorbitol can damage the lens of the eye, leading to cataracts. It can also affect the retina, leading to diabetic retinopathy. Sorbitol affects the cells that compose the myelin sheath. It can also convert to fructose, creating even more problems.

Benfotiamine is a fat-soluble form of vitamin B1 that can help support the nerves. Try taking 300 mg of benfotiamine 4 times daily. Lipoic acid is a cofactor for the enzyme that allows you to metabolize excess glucose. Vitamins B5, B2, and B3 are also cofactors for this enzyme. Diabetes damages your nervous system and brain over time, so it’s imperative to correct your diet, which I believe is the root cause of peripheral neuropathy. Learn more about the benefits of a low-carb diet and intermittent fasting in my other videos.